Alexei,

You will find this pretty interesting.
I did not know who you were until yesterday, as I approached 90% completion of a project.
48 hours before that, I had begun telling people that I wanted to find 'the center of the cultural maze of art',
and asking them where to find it, before I decided to just ask divinity to show it to me.

I then despaired when I found that the 'top ranking site', some 'artnews' bullshit, was an underwhelming disappointment.
I found 'the art world' was composed of 1% art collectors..

Then, of course you know, there was net.art. A world better than I could have imagined, that shared a similar vision to what I was seeing.
How odd that I had decided to acquire a .art domain for the project in progress, an unusual move for me. A book I had read a few days prior read that Jung had defined
"synchronicity, a fortuitous intermeshing of events", and promised me this kind of phenomenon.

I found a digital art world open up to me, and here I was with over a hundred tabs in groups with all the names I decided I'd contact and disrupt their fancy bubble.
I also stumbled on your definition of net.art and while I respect it, it is not quite parallel to my vision.

However in this same document [I now see] you wrote,

---
a. Work outside the institution
b. Claim that the institution is evil
c. Challenge the institution
d. Subvert the institution
e. Make yourself into an institution
f. Attract the attention of the institution
g. Rethink the institution
h. Work inside the institution
---

Now I don't quite feel the need to call an art movement evil, but I do appreciate the multiple ironies.
art.net is the institution [however deprecated] I aim to challenge and disrupt, as I proclaim that I am the new institution, and aim to seek its attention, rethink it, get inside it, and recreate it. My own agenda is written straight on the page!

So there I was, high on my ego, North Korea ready to fire on the U.S., in the middle of wrapping up my project, tabs open ready to contact folk, unannounced, uninvited, and surely 'unqualified',
when I land on your homework project, 'This Morning', and find that it bears a striking resemblance to what I was putting the final touches on.
It subsequently leads to pop ups threatening to crash Chrome and lose everything I have open.

I wrote earlier to someone,
"So it was like I was getting psychologically 'attacked' and 'physically attacked' both at once, the site was threatening to crash chrome, and the site was crashing my originality"
"but at the same time, I realized that if I created basically the same or similar thing as the top artist in an entire space, then I, perhaps, should have absolutely no question that I am of this breed"

He replied with the motivational and true sentiment,
'You ARE this space... And you never even knew it
You are like the professor in Gilligans Island'

And while I admit I'm not familiar with the professor, if you know me [or I suppose, this ego], you'll find that it's the truth that I am this space, an island, in the sense that my fruit and trees are not to be influenced. I do hope to merge into another space though, without too much discomfort. As I explained, my vision is slightly different. In short, I want to see words expressed with the power of a hyperlink system in such a way that the words have form and can change andbe interacted with. As fantastic as the many art projects I have found that express meaning and evoke feeling and are beautiful, I have yet to see words change when interacted with, as if the stone tablet of scripture were being influenced by magic.

I of course do not know if you found this interesting, and only wrote such a line in order to trigger an indignation that might get you to take the time to read a long email.

In other news,I did finish the project and hosted it.
It's at https://lightdark.art .

I am really enjoying how it turned out and how I see people engaging with it and responding to it. I don't think I've ever been happy about something before. 

I am curious to gain a response from the artists collective, to see if I offend all that they learned in art schools, or if they believe there is not enough chaos to go along with my order, time will hopefully tell. Whatever the outcome, I hope it's interesting. 
If you did happen to read this, [and you don't hate me] I'd appreciate any feedback, support, connections, sending me in the right direction, or whatever you might have, seeing as I don't currently have too many cards to play in my deck. 
Blessings, 
James Bytes 
